# Security Reports and requirements to fix

The general process here is that the security scanner will run weekly on all client websites and someone will receive notifications of an issue, however you can login to the Magento Security Scanner using the account sales@zero1.co.uk, request password access by contacting Arron. 

Visit https://account.magento.com/scanner/

Review the list and when you encounter a site which states either HIGH or MEDIUM:

1. Visit the connected project in Teamwork and see if there is already an outstanding task in progress - generally titled 'Magento Security Scan Failure'
2. If there is not, visit our [Repeat Recommendations spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1PvYKQiEU02H4BaQjbl-iCycD_7B7_5mcs9gk_01EGdc/edit#gid=0) and raise the task and the ID and link will imediately appear, click it
3. Go back to the Magento Security Scanner page and click 'View Report'. Then, download the PDF and attach it to the task as a private comment, listing the issues in the same comment.
4. Next, update the client and let them know how many issues were found in the report and check if they are happy to approve an hour to review the issues.
5. Go back to the client after the hour and update them on your progress. If more time is needed, let them know that the relevant issues will be fixed and check if they're happy to approve more time

## Generic Responses for Steps 4 & 5

> **Here is a placeholder comment to the client for step 4, letting them know the initial amount of issues and approval of an hour to review the issues:**
{.is-info}


Hi [clients name]
The security scan report has found [number] issues. Would you be happy for us to spend 1 hour reviewing these issues?
Regards
[Your name]

> **Here is another placeholder comment to the client for step 5, letting them know that an hour has been spent reviewing the issues, how many have been resolved/how many left to resolve and getting approval to resolve the remaining issues:**
{.is-info}


Hi [clients name]
We've reached our initial hour of investigation. We resolved [number] issues and have [number] that need further investigation. Are you happy for us to continue investigating the issues to get them all resolved?
Regards,
[Your name]




## Known Fixes


### Vulnerability - Magento Unprotected Dev	
**Your Magento installation /dev folder is not protected**
*Action - Create instance and remove /dev folder, it should not be in source control and should not be on production*

### Patch - Magento SUPEE 9767		
**SUPEE-9767 - Failed. Outdated JQuery library found (APPSEC-1659)**
*Action - Create instance and loxate/remove relevant files and their references - jquery-1.10.2.min.js*

### Vulnerability - SSL TLS		
**Your server supports TLSv1.0**
*Action - If on StackPath amend the setting, otherwise escalate*