# Sticky Header on Mobile Devices
This is specifically a job for a FED, and is very client specific as each client will have different implementations of the header and potential differing functionality.

**Important:**
FED - Please note while creating this sticky header, this should only be sticky when the user starts to scroll back up the page for the benefits mentioned below.

# Implementation

// TODO
Add docs / examples here of a sticky header on scroll back up which couuld be used for reference on other clients.

# UX Benefits

Easy, fast navigation, user control and saving space, are some of the most important factors to a great UX on mobile devices. One way to ensure we can cater for these UX needs, is to implement a ‘sticky header’; when viewing the site on mobile devices, the header is always presented at the top of the page and the rest of the content scrolls behind it. 

Certain studies have found that sticky headers resonate with both older and younger users. Researchers posited that this was because having sticky elements in permanent view served as a ‘crutch’ for easy navigation, preventing users from feeling overwhelmed with options, and knowing exactly where they need to go. 

This ultimately points to advantages in usability, and specifically speed. It lessens the number of clicks and scrolling needed, and anything that makes a users’ life easier is always a good thing when it comes to creating a great UX. 

One downside to this however is space. Space on mobile screens is increasingly valuable, especially when we consider smaller, older phones. With this in mind, sticky headers can sometimes steal valuable real estate from other content. 

This proposal will allow us to implement all of the benefits mentioned, whilst not having to suffer the downside of mobile screen real estate. 

We propose to implement a sticky header on mobile devices, but only when a user starts to scroll back up. This will prove even more beneficial on long pages; category pages for example. When a user gets to the bottom of the page, it can take a while to scroll back to the top of the page to the navigation and can prove frustrating. This would alleviate that frustration by showing the header to the user as soon as they start scrolling, giving all the benefits mentioned.
