# Pitch (Magento1 Only)
Checkout abandonment continues to be a major topic in ecommerce, and one which retailers have plenty of options to deal with. 

One way to reduce abandonment rates is to enclose the checkout process, and remove distractions that may form a barrier to purchase. 

An enclosed checkout is one which is stripped down compared to the rest of the site, which is usually achieved by removing the main navigation menus and any elements not relating to pushing the user to complete their purchase. 

By removing navigational elements, unnecessary distractions are no longer visible. This allows the user to focus purely on entering the details necessary to complete their purchase. 
Thanks to the removal of these distractions, information which gives the visitor confidence in their purchase is more prominent.

Apart from the homepage or continue shopping links, customers can only head in one direction, towards the payment and order confirmation page. There are a number of different approaches to this, but the general idea of enclosing the checkout process is sound and has been proven to increase conversion rates.

# Implementation

Changes for an eclosed checkout will require a FED; however, work can be carried out in preparation...

In an enclosed checkout, we require almost all elements in the header to be removed and replaced with a simple continue shopping link, and possibly help link. This is also the same logic for the footer; we want to remove any navigation links and replace with a simple footer containing just the security logos and payment method logos.

**Step 1**

Create a static block with the ID = checkout_header
In here, add the following HTML

```HTML

<div>
    <a href="/">Continue Shopping</a>
    <a href="/">Need help?</a>
</div>
```

**Step 2**

Create a static block with the ID = checkout_header
In here, add the following HTML

```HTML
<div>
  Images
</div>
```

**Step 3**

Pass to a FED

**Step 4 (FED)**

Include the new static blocks in the main header and footer

```
<?php echo '<div style="display: none;" id="checkout-header">' . $this->getLayout()->createBlock('cms/block')->setBlockId('checkout_header')->toHtml() . '</div>'; ?>
```

```
<?php echo '<div style="display: none;" id="checkout-footer">' . $this->getLayout()->createBlock('cms/block')->setBlockId('checkout_footer')->toHtml() . '</div>'; ?>
```

Remove all elements from the header using CSS and ensure the new header and footer blocks are shown on the checkout process

```CSS
.checkout-onepage-index #checkout-header, .checkout-onepage-index #checkout-footer {display: block !important;}
```

Proceed to include all neccessary elements into the 2 new static blocks
