This will be an act without instruction item, raised automatically when the client is underusing and for now asssigned to Sean.

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/18vLrfa6NgmHq8mBeQz6_vY-GqeKoDdowFL6EdUThAvI/edit#gid=0

# Pitch
Accessibility on a website is often overlooked by designers and developers. It is however becoming increasingly important to consider disabled users as we become driven by digital. Something as simple as green text on a red button could completely ruin a colour-blind user’s experience and result in a lost sale or lead.

Accessibility covers several aspects including colour, font size, font types, descriptive text or alt tags. It is important to consider all these design and technical aspects as they might affect the user’s experience.
A tool we often use for testing accessibility on the web, is Google Lighthouse; it offers detailed feedback on the accessibility of a website and gives us an overall score based on this.

We propose to run an accessibility audit on your most visited pages and implement changes suggested by Lighthouse; therefore increasing your score, improving UX, and reducing potential losses in sales or leads for disabled users. As part of this, we will implement any suggestions that Lighthouse deems necessary for Best Practices.

# Implementation

Taking the top 10 most visited landing pages where Lighthouse Accessibility score is not perfect

Arron wrote something that batched this. If the recommendation had a structure that was effectively repeatable then this could be a REALLY good opportunity for continued work.

## Prerequisites

Install brew, node, wget and lighthouse-batch
Access granted to [this document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xb9VEYeIJNitaqrvxn0FTW4rkNPm6GXvFwxlaBhCFyo/edit#gid=2096276626)

```
ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"
```
If asked to install as part of Xcode, please proceed, otherwise the installation will fail
```
brew install node
```
```
brew install wget
```
```
npm install lighthouse-batch -g
```

## Generating a report

1. Go to the Report Configuration tab [on this document](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1xb9VEYeIJNitaqrvxn0FTW4rkNPm6GXvFwxlaBhCFyo/edit#gid=2096276626)
1. Select site in question from the black dropdown box
1. Add-ons > Google Analytics > Generate Report
1. Run the following command in terminal

```
wget https://script.google.com/macros/s/AKfycbwUXFfJORR12vxmJXhGP7DO94NVq4B9EejP_RzXd1wJYcIJX1I/exec -O urls.txt
```
1. When the above has finished, run the following command
```
lighthouse-batch -f urls.txt --html -p "--perf"
```
Go to your root dir
Mac - Go to finder and hit ctrl + shift + H
Windows - Go to C Drive

/report/lighthouse/

In here will be a list of html files which show the auudit results

