# Magento 2 Kick Start

### Pitch
ZERO-1 have pioneered a cost-cutting way of starting your Magento 2 project build. The scope of this task is to implement a Magento 2 Basic installation and execute the steps required to migrate data from Magento 1, thus providing you with a functional store which you can then build out your requirements and spread out the project costs. As long as you have an active MDOQ subscription, we can also execute the whole build project and you do not need to pay/setup a new Magento 2 server until the project goes live.

This task includes the following;

+ Free MDOQ Bridging Connector for M2 - this means you do not need to have a production server setup until your site is ready to go live
  + SSH Keys for MDOQ Users
+ Git Repo Setup with access keys
+ M1 Production Server firewall & database configuration
+ Data Migration Configuration
+ Data Migration initial execution & process handover

At the end of this process you will be able to carry out separate production tasks related to your requirements for a Magento 2 site. These might be customisations, theme design/development and installation of commercial extensions. All these can be achieved using your existing retainer subject to available time.

PLEASE NOTE: You must have an active MDOQ Account Subscription and although you will be provided with a FREE Magento 2 Bridging Connector, any development instances required for the Magento 2 build will need to come from your existing quota so depending on your needs you might prefer to upgrade your MDOQ account.

The end product here will be a working Magento 2 build on MDOQ with a completed data migration. This will be using the base Magento Luma theme so you will only get functionality available in core Magento 2.

Estimation: 3 days / 24 hours

---
## Work Tasks
This work task includes everything required in the below public WIKI

https://docs.mdoq.io/e/en/tutorials/magento-2/migrate-from-magento-1


### Magento 1 Production Server mySQL access
Examples of setup to be ran only by our 3rd line or Arron
```
mysql
CREATE USER 'magento'@'213.105.127.%' IDENTIFIED BY '2398429384JDASD';
GRANT ALL ON magento.* TO 'dbmig'@'213.105.127.%' IDENTIFIED BY '2398429384JDASD' WITH GRANT OPTION;
FLUSH PRIVILEGES;
EXIT;
```
This might also need to be ran from the mySQL instance, If required you can drop this into the PRA scripts on the production instance.
```
echo "SET GLOBAL max_allowed_packet=1073741824;" | mysql -h ${mysqlHost} -u root -pzero1zero1;  
```
