# Magento 2 Minimal Base Theme


## Recommendation Email Content (pitch)

As part of your Magento 2 build, we will first create a skeleton Magento 2 theme containing the base files, logo, favicon, font and some initial CSS customisation along with a base UK translation file. This establishes a custom theme which can be enhanced with your future cosmetic changes. Our themes are impemented using the best-practice methods for Magento 2 theming and are designed to overlay/improve upon the Magento core 'Blank' Theme.


Estimation: 4 Hours

## Implementation Process

1. Open your code editor and navigate to `app/design/frontend`
2. Create a new folders with the format of [vendor_name]/[theme], we recommend abbreviating where possible to keep character count down. For example we may create: `app/design/frontend/z1/aa`
3. Within this new theme folder create: `registration.php` & `theme.xml`
4. Open **registration.php** and add the following code, ensuring that the path on line 3 matches the folder names you just created:
```
<?php
\Magento\Framework\Component\ComponentRegistrar::register(
    \Magento\Framework\Component\ComponentRegistrar::THEME,
    'frontend/z1/aa',
    __DIR__
);
```
5. Open **theme.xml** and add the following code:
```
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<theme xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:framework:Config/etc/theme.xsd">
    <title>Your Theme Name</title>
    <parent>Magento/blank</parent>
</theme>
```

- The title will show in the admin when you are assigning themes. Do not add any symbols to the name like & or - as these will cause errors.
- The parent is the theme your new theme is a child of, we recommend setting this as **Magento/blank** to include the basic framework without the potentially unwanted UI elements of Magento/luma. Ensure the Magento part is capitalised.
6. Create a folder in your theme called **web** with another folder within this called **images**. The full path would be `app/design/frontend/z1/aa/web/images`
7. Add the site logo as an SVG to this folder, titled *logo.svg*.
8. Ensure the site is in developer mode, login to the admin after these files are created and your theme will be registered, visible within Content -> Design -> Configuration / Themes and ready to use.
9. Navigate to Content -> Design -> Configuration, select *Edit* on the Global, Website or Store View row.
10. Set the Applied Theme dropdown to your newly added theme.

## Change the Logo Size
By adding your site logo as an SVG in the theme folder as per the previous instructions, it will automatically show but the sizing may not be what you expect, these sizes can be changed in the Magento Admin Panel.
1. Log in to the Magento admin panel.
2. Navigate to Content -> Design -> Configuration.
3. Expand the *Header* section, do not upload a logo here as it will override your theme SVG version. 4. Use the Logo Attribute Width and Logo Attribute Height fields here to set the desired size of your site logo.
5. Save and refresh the frontend, clear cache if enabled.

## Add a Favicon
1. Log in to the Magento admin panel.
2. Navigate to Content -> Design -> Configuration.
3. Expand the *HTML Head* section.
4. Upload your Favicon, preferrably as an optimised PNG image.
5. Hit save, refresh the frontend and the favicon should show in the browser. Clear cache if enabled.

## Adding a custom CSS file
In Magento 2 the core CSS files are generated by the .less files in `[theme]/web/css/source` but any changes or additions to these require deployments which can be time consuming. Instead you can add a basic CSS file which will be loaded on all pages for site-wide changes.

1. In your newly created theme folder created a folder called *Magento_Theme* and inside this, a folder called *layout*. The path should then look like *[theme]/Magento_Theme/layout*.
2. Inside this created a new file called *default_head_blocks.xml* with the following content:
```
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<page xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:framework:View/Layout/etc/page_configuration.xsd">
    <head>
        <css src="css/custom.css" media="all and (min-width: 1px)" />
    </head>
</page>
```
- The media tag is to make sure the CSS file loads for all device sizes, media queries can be added within the CSS file to target specific screen sizes.
3. Add the CSS file which this new layout instruction is trying to reach at: *[theme]/web/css/custom.css*
4. Add your CSS and you should see changes after refreshing the page.

## Add Google Fonts
1. Find and select the embed code for the font you want to use on the Google Fonts website. e.g. `<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Roboto:wght@400;700&display=swap" rel="stylesheet">`
2. Open the *default_head_blocks.xml* file that was previously created to add the custom CSS file at *[theme]/Magento_Theme/layout/* 
3. Within the `<head>` tag, before or after the custom CSS line (if present), add the Google Font embed tag but with a slight change. The original embed code:
```
<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Roboto:wght@400;700&display=swap" rel="stylesheet">
```
Becomes:
```
<css src="//fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto:wght@400;700" src_type="url" />
```
4. The *default_head_blocks.xml* file would then look like this:
```
<?xml version="1.0"?>
<page xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:framework:View/Layout/etc/page_configuration.xsd">
    <head>
	    	<css src="//fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto:wght@400,700" src_type="url" />
        <css src="css/custom.css" media="all and (min-width: 1px)" />
    </head>
</page>
```
5. Reference the Google Font in your CSS file as per their instructions and refresh the frontend.
