<!-- TITLE: Restoration Tests -->
<!-- SUBTITLE: A quick summary of Restoration Tests -->

<!-- TITLE: Recommendation for SMTP Email Delivery -->
<!-- SUBTITLE: A quick summary of Gb 102 -->

You need authentication details for an SMTP service to relay your emails. We might eventually develop a quick tool to validate provided details as this should not be sprinted until we have all the requirements.

### Recommendation / Pitch

Many business owners are not immediately aware of sporadic issues with delivering emails from their website.

This recommendation is to help support the ever changing issues related to sending emails from web-servers. Magento normally uses a local mail transport system which means that any email delivery issues require linux administration skills to perform an investigation. Most issues related to mail delivery take time to investigate, replicate and resolve. Using an SMTP service reduces the issues by authenticating Magento’s email delivery to your company SMTP mail server therefore drastically reducing the complexity of authentication of your server to send emails. This then reduces the need for complex DNS records required to obtain levels of authority to prevent spam misidentification.

We will install a free Magento extension to remedy this and in order to complete it we will require SMTP authentication to allow email sending. This is effectively like you setting up a new mailbox on your system which can then handle bounce backs. If you approve this then please also reply with your mailbox details. We recommend you using an address such as no-reply@yourdomain.com then a dedicated mailbox can be better administered. Magento can still be configured to use your standard email addresses for 'Reply to' addresses.

# Instructions

## Installation

Install via MDOQ Tool Belt Composer install `mageplaza/module-smtp`

<iframe width="700" height="400" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/iZ5cHR8KVWY" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

```
php bin/magento config:set --lock-config smtp/general/enabled 1

php bin/magento config:set --lock-config smtp/module/product_key “value”

php bin/magento config:set --lock-config smtp/module/email “value”

php bin/magento config:set --lock-config smtp/configuration_option/protocol “value” 

php bin/magento config:set --lock-config smtp/configuration_option/host “value” 

php bin/magento config:set --lock-config smtp/configuration_option/username “value”  

php bin/magento config:set --lock-config smtp/configuration_option/password “value” 


```
This extension is free, requires no account with Mageplaza and as suggested in the recommendation pitch above, needs only mailbox credentials - ideally a new account specifically setup for this purpose Ie. noreply@customerdomain.co.uk
