# PCI security requirements
Monthly package option

As your security partner we will implement a method of changing your Administration Path AND resetting all your Administrative passwords every 2 months. This is a legal requirement for PCI Security. We will also reset server (SSH, FTP) access
credentials every 2 months.

## 1. Reset Admin Path
1. Go to the live Mdoq connector
2. Go to Tool Belt > Actions > Reset Admin Path and click "Continue".
3. Click "Let MDOQ generate one for me".
4. Copy down the new admin path so its safe (the path will look like this: mdoqOOZ6EW). Then click "Continue". 
5. Wait for the reset to complete, then copy the full new admin path (the full path will look like this: https://admin.paddockspares.com/mdoqOOZ6EW) and then click "Done".
6. Go to Tool Belt > Actions > Update Urls and click "Update". This will add the new admin path link to the Instance URLs tab.
7. Share the new admin path URL with the client on the task and with the team in the Paddocks Slack channel.

## 2. Reset All Admin Passwords
1. Go to the live Mdoq connector
2. Go to Tool Belt > Actions > Reset Admin Passwords and click "Continue".
3. Click "Reset all".
4. Once the reset is complete let the client know, in the task, that they'll have to reset their admin user passwords to be able to access the admin again and also let the team know about the password reset in the Paddocks Slack channel. 

## 3. Reset SSH Credentials
1. Select the production site and navigate to "settings" > "ssh"
2. Delete all SSH Keys (using the red X next to each item), leave SSH enabled. Click Save.
3. Select "sync" > "select components to synchorize".
4. Select "ssh"
5. Click synchronize
